Docs: changes in markdown files, cleanup (#317)
OpenVisualCloud/Media-Communications-Mesh: media-proxy/README.md

Reviewer: Again, I am not a huge fan of abbreviating Kubernetes to K8s everywhere inside the documentation; similarly as we should avoid using "I'm", "it's" etc.

## Compile

```bash
./build.sh
```

## Run

> The program "media_proxy" can be installed on system, after the `build.sh` script run successfully.
> And the "Media Proxy" can be run with below command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Media Proxy can be installed using the `build.sh` script. It can be executed with a following command:
```

Reviewer: The way it is done now is even better! :rocket:

Dec 31 11:03:00.394 [INFO] [RECONCILE] Config is up to date
```

> The Media Proxy requires the Mesh Agent to be running and listening at localhost:50051 for incoming gRPC requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Media Proxy requires the Mesh Agent to be running and listening at `localhost:50051` for incoming gRPC requests.
```

-p, --rdma_ports=ports_ranges   Local port ranges for incoming RDMA connections (default: 9100-9999)
```

### Run Media Proxy using `native_af_xdp`

> To use Media Proxy with the native `af_xdp/ebpf` device a device name should be provided with the `native_af_xdp:` prefix, for example `media-proxy --dev native_af_xdp:ens259f0np0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Media Proxy with the native `af_xdp/ebpf` device, a device name should be provided with the `native_af_xdp:` prefix, for example `media-proxy --dev native_af_xdp:ens259f0np0`.
```

Once you've completed the above steps, you'll have Docker, a hypervisor, kubectl, and Minikube installed and ready to deploy the Media Proxy on your local Kubernetes cluster.

### Setup K8s Cluster
Before deploying Media Proxy to the K8s cluster, you need to execute the following steps to setup the K8s cluster to be ready for Media Communications Mesh.

1. Start the K8s Cluster, and add worker node on it.

```bash
minikube start
minikube node add -n 1
```

2. Set the label for the worker node.

```bash
kubectl label nodes minikube-m02 mcm.intel.com/role=worker
```

### Deploy Media Proxy

```bash
cd Media-Communications-Mesh
kubectl apply -f deployment/DaemonSet/media-proxy.yaml
kubectl get daemonsets.apps -n mcm
```

If all commands are executed successfully, you will see the Media Proxy deployed as a K8s DaemonSet to the worker node (labeled with "mcm.intel.com/role=worker").

## Known Issues

> - There is a bug with default docker.io package installation (version 20.10.25-0ubuntu1~22.04.2) with Ubuntu 22.04.3 LTS. The [`USER` command](https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/46355) and [`chown` command](https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/46161) don't work as expected. It's preferred to install docker-ce package following [instruction from docker community](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/).

Reviewer: Deja vu?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a bug with the default docker.io package installation (version 20.10.25-0ubuntu1~22.04.2) with Ubuntu 22.04.3 LTS. The [`USER` command](https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/46355) and [`chown` command](https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/46161) do not work as expected. It is preferred to install the `docker-ce` package, following an [instruction from Docker Docs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/).
```
